Deprecated node buffer (#678)
digitalbazaar/forge: CHANGELOG.md

Forge ChangeLog
===============

## 0.8.4 -

> ### Removed

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Changed
```

> - All instances of node new Buffer in favor of Buffer.from and Buffer.alloc

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- All instances of Node.js `new Buffer` in favor of `Buffer.from` and `Buffer.alloc`.
```

> - All instances of Node.js `new Buffer` in favor of `Buffer.from` and `Buffer.alloc`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Replace all instances of Node.js `new Buffer` with `Buffer.from` and `Buffer.alloc`.
```
